Previously on Chance...
CHANCE:
I'm trying to help my patients
by removing whatever source
of ongoing trauma
is preventing them
from experiencing
the benefits of therapy.
(grunting)
D: The next asshole up
should be that gay-basher.
CHANCE:
Wade Pardo.
Is it cool for me to act
like that, or only you?
Are you thinking
of doing something
that has an outcome you
can't live with? Again?
D: How long do you think
it's gonna take the cops
to figure out you and your job
are the common denominator
between these guys?
Hey.
Woman found with
her throat cut,
a kid shot in the head
breaking into a car registered
to Ryan Winter.
I'm gonna need you
to get into
Ryan Winter's head for me.
You must get tired.
What?
Talking about this so much,
then nothing happens.
Nothing changes.
You know, there's something
different about you, doc.
Something in your eyes.
**
(trolley bell dinging)
(indistinct conversations)
(monitor beeping rapidly)
Molly, how are we
doing over here?
MOLLY:
He's still in shock.
(beeping continues)
(P.A. system chimes)
WOMAN (over P.A.): Nurse Allen
to imaging services.
Nurse Allen
WOMAN: Check on her?
MAN: All right.
WOMAN:
Okay, good.
(monitor beeping steadily)
It's all right,
Mr. Winter.
We got you.
You lost consciousness
there for a little bit,
hit your head, but
we're taking care of it.
Easy now, sir.
Hey, do we know where
radiology's at?
Shit!
(beeping intensifies)
WOMAN:
We need you to assist!
A little help here, please!
All right. I got him.
Four milligrams
of Lorazepam, now.
Yes, doctor.
Right away.
We might need to restrain him.
CHANCE:
Mr. Winter.
(grunting)
Look at me.
It's all right.
You're safe here.
No one's gonna hurt you.
CHANCE:
Just breathe slowly like this.
In through the nose.
(inhales)
Count of four.
Out through the mouth.
(exhales)
In through the nose.
(inhales)
Out through the mouth.
(beeping slows)
(exhales)
Good.
You've activated your
parasympathetic nervous system.
Counterbalances
the fight-or-flight.
Call it "rest and digest."
Give you
a very light sedative.
It'll keep you calm
in the MRI, all right?
**
(breathing deeply)
This is how Stevie felt.
How he really felt.
Now I know.
Who's Stevie?
WOMAN: Radiology has
cleared the backup.
They're ready for him now.
(Velcro rips)
**
* Hey
(lock disengages)
(chanting)
**
* Hey
(chanting)
* Hey.
**
(camera shutter clicking)
(filing cabinet clicks)
(light clicks)
(camera shutter clicks)
**
(camera shutter clicking)
(sighs)
(object clicks)
(door closes)
**
(coins clink)
(lock disengages)
**
(ringtone plays)
Yeah?
D:
Fucking Hynes is obsessed.
Whole timeline on his wall
about murder
and where this Winter
was when.
CHANCE:
What wall?
The wall in his apartment.
His apartment?
How do you know this?
You broke in?
You broke in to his place?
Definitely
keep asking me that.
Really productive.
Goddamn it.
What did you find?
Him having a timeline
on his wall,
that could just be him
being a dedicated cop.
Yeah, he is.
He's very dedicated
and organized.
Also, he was transferred
from San Fran PD to Fremont PD
after a mandated psych eval
because he's half a whack job.
What?
When?
About six months after
he started fixating on Winter.
WOMAN (over P.A.): Dr. Thompson
to cardiology, please.
Dr. Thompson to cardiology.
Pretty early for you
to be at work already,
isn't it, doc?
I was just leaving.
We need to talk.
I'll come to you.
Fuck you, doc!
Move! Move!
Oh!
**
D: I say sit tight.
Fucking Hynes says jump,
and you jump?
What the fuck, doc?
(sighs)
I mapped out Winter's routine
from Hynes's file.
The place where I chose
to grab him
is right in the middle
of Bay Area Memorial's
catchment area.
My domain.
That the fuck.
You got lucky.
I did--
I made a plan,
and it worked.
So what happened
to your face?
Wade Pardo. Showed up,
cold-cocked me
outside the hospital.
Guess he made a plan,
and his plan worked.
He was wearing a jump suit
with Tyerman's Oil Change
and Glass on the back.
(laughing): He's wearing this
when he hit you?
Awesome.
He hasn't gotten
much smarter.
Where are you going?
Well, you know, car's been
running a little rough.
Thought I might take it
for an oil change.
Better idea is you take
a couple deep breaths
while I get you
some fucking water.
You know what, D?
I'm not thirsty.
Well, what the fuck
are you, doc?
Because you're something.
Okay.
Forget Wade Pardo.
If this Winter Guy is doing
what Hynes says he is,
he's gonna keep going.
He's got to be stopped.
We have to stop him.
Here's the deal.
I don't get a hammer on this cop
pretty fucking soon,
I'm going back to plan "A."
Which is...?
Stab him in the eye.
Or stab you in the eye.
And, honestly,
I could get the drop on you
way fucking easier.
(cellphone chimes)
Okay. There.
"Download complete."
So, what do I do
if I want to start this up?
Do I press the--
the, uh...?
God.
You're so Amish.
Just go to the app,
hit the arrow.
Magic.
Why do you make me feel
like a chimp
fishing for termites
with a stick?
When I was a kid,
we didn't have all this stuff.
You've got
an unfair advantage.
I know, Dad.
When you were growing up,
this was all orange groves.
Orange groves,
woolly mammoths trapped
in primordial ooze.
You look extra pretty today.
Hmm.
Well, so do you.
Yeah, this is why you should not
read and walk at the same time.
No, but driving
and lying's okay.
I will try
to be more careful.
Let me know how that goes.
(seatbelt clicks)
Oh, love you.
(door closes)
Hey, what's up?
Hey.
(indistinct conversation)
(school bell rings)
**
(indistinct announcement
over P.A. system)
LYNDSAY:
Do I need to do something?
I can.
WINTER: Like what?
What would you do?
Well... (scoffs)
You can't stay here,
for one thing.
I mean...
WINTER: It's fine for now,
Lyndsay.
I will let you know
when it isn't.
(sighs)
Your doctor's here.
I'll check back in
with you later.
Mr. Winter.
Much improved
since last we spoke.
Eldon Chance.
Neuropsychiatry.
We met briefly in the ER.
You were the one who stopped
them from restraining me.
That's right.
Well, you seem
to be well-oriented,
laying down new memories.
That's a good sign.
So it's just this, then?
That and your current
emotional state.
You were attacked by a stranger,
targeted for whatever reason.
You could have been hurt
a lot worse.
Rear choke like that
for longer than 40 seconds,
and you wouldn't be here.
You'd be
in the county morgue.
So when you think about that,
how do you feel?
You feel anxious?
Vulnerable?
Depressed?
Um...
Yes, yes and yes.
Plus, pissed off.
Hmm. Rage.
Absolutely.
If you'd indulge me
for a moment,
I have some pictures
that I'd like to show you.
Tell me what you see.
Bad art.
What's it supposed to be?
It's called
a projection test.
Gives me some sense of how
you're feeling about the world.
One of us in this room
is brilliant,
and the other
is just thorough.
I know who you are,
I know what you've done
with your life.
I just want to make sure
that we're doing
everything that we can to see
that your brain is okay.
Now, what do you see?
She looks spooked.
He looks... perverted.
And this tells you what,
exactly?
It goes to state of mind.
You know, what kinds of stories
you might be telling yourself
in the wake of the attack,
versus, say, a month from now.
So, I'll have to do this again,
you're saying?
It's a possibility.
Okay.
The radiologist last night
said something about
a Victims of Violent Crime Unit
at this hospital.
She said that because
of what happened to me,
I would automatically be
entitled to treatment there,
therapy or counseling
or whatever.
Is this part of that?
Uh, no.
Uh, um, I'm actually
on the staff there, but no.
This is different.
But I-I don't have to do it,
do I?
It's not mandatory?
This is absolutely
not mandatory.
Nobody's
gonna make me do it.
No.
But you work there, huh?
Wow.
What attracts you to victims
of violent crime?
Helping them, you mean.
Giving them back
their power.
That's amazing.
One of us in this room
is a very good man.
**
How about this?
(chuckles)
Well,
he's got it coming.
In what way?
Well, look at him,
sitting there, head down.
He's guilty of something.
Nobody had to take him
to the woodshed.
He's waiting there already.
Waiting to be punished,
then.
You asked what I thought.
**
(spoon clatters)
(sighs)
**
You have to stop
showing me this shit.
Yeah.
I don't disagree.
Something about
the black and white, maybe.
No, something about
what they fucking are!
Don't show me pictures
of lonely, pathetic people.
What's wrong with you?
You said you want to give people
their power back, right?
Well, do you actually know
what it feels like to lose it,
much less have it taken
by some asshole coward
in the fucking dark?
I think I need
to lie down for a while.
Please excuse me.
Sure.
Well, I-I'll check back.
**
CHANCE:
Patient exhibited agitation,
particularly in response
to card number three.
Collective reaction was one
of increasing irritability
bordering on anger,
followed by a refusal
to continue.
Could be the result
of being attacked from behind.
Or feelings of aggression
aroused by the sight
of a vulnerable woman.
(door opens)
LUCY:
Hi. I'm coming in.
I have the files
that you asked for.
Just put them down there.
(telephone rings)
What happened there?
You get into a fight?
Yep.
Well, all right, then.
Uh, these aren't
your patients.
Are their cases transferring
to you?
Not yet.
Sounds suspicious.
Yeah, I-I just got interested
in the MCMIs.
I wanted to see
if our patients' psych profiles
showed a shift after
going through our program.
Oh, man.
(chuckles)
I haven't seen these
since college.
Yeah. I just tried those out
on a patient.
Is your patient an evil,
old-timey, serial-killer clown?
They're just, you know,
really old school
for psychological profiling,
aren't they?
You know what else
is old school?
Awesome things that work.
(indistinct chatter)
(P.A. system chimes)
WOMAN (over P.A.): Dr. Warren
to the Center for a psych eval.
Dr. Warren to the Center
for a psych eval.
**
Excuse me.
Have you seen the patient
that was in this room?
Ryan Winter?
No. Sorry.
I'm looking
at the schedule now.
I'm thinking
Thursday night.
Just need someone here
Thursday night to cover.
(keyboard clacking)
(indistinct conversations)
And I have,
uh, two more.
MAN: And...
(woman exhales)
...we're done.
Crisis averted.
WOMAN: You should go.
I can call a nurse
if I need help.
MAN: And have them beat
our best bathroom time?
Excuse me.
**
What are you doing?
Come on.
Let's get you back to your room.
Is he supposed to be here?
What's he doing?
Nothing.
Everything's fine.
Excuse us.
You all right?
You look like you might
be feeling light-headed.
I wanted to hear them,
I mean,
really hear them.
It made me feel
kind of like you.
In what way?
Seeing who a person is
and they don't even know
you're looking.
They don't know
they should hide or how.
That's eavesdropping.
That's not what I do.
Also, I get consent.
Do you, though?
(indistinct announcement
over P.A. system)
If someone has no idea
what you're going to find
inside them,
how can they really
consent?
Well, they can't,
exactly.
Not in the way you mean.
But they want to know
what's in there,
and they have to trust me.
And they can trust me.
You could, too.
I think I'm going
to leave.
Leave?
The hospital.
I'd like to be discharged.
If that's not up to you,
maybe you could talk
to the person
it is up to, please.
**
(Pepper laughs)
(indistinct conversation)
(laughter)
NICOLE:
But they didn't know for sure.
PEPPER:
What? Are you kidding me?
NICOLE:
I think he secretly did.
And then I ran home.
You ran home?
(laughs)
Did you get what you...
Wow!
You're driving a party bus now.
What's going on?
Nothing.
Do we have any KFC left?
Uh, nothing?
Jason Spencer
is not nothing.
Okay, no, no, no.
Okay. You know, I need
to talk about this.
Come on.
Jason Spencer...
listen to this.
(laughing): Oh, stop!
Jason Spencer, the hottest boy
of the entire junior class,
is totally hitting
on your daughter,
and she's being
a total freak about it.
Oh, my God.
He's my lab partner.
Oh, my God. So?
It's not like you guys
are cousins.
Look.
No, no, no,
look at this.
Stop!
Look at this.
It's cute. Don't worry.
Ah.
Yeah, there they are.
I saw him.
This morning, when I dropped
you off at school.
He was waiting for you.
PEPPER:
Cute couple, right?
And she is totally
leading him on.
No, I'm not.
Yes, you are.
Oh, and not to mention the fact
that half the girls at school
are jealous of her
because of it.
Huge way to make an entrance
to a new school, girl.
He looks sweet.
Mm-hmm.
Maybe you should
have him over.
Maybe for dinner.
PEPPER (whispers):
Great idea.
Yeah.
The four of us
could have dinner.
The things I hate in order
right now are you, you, and you.
Cool. I'm gonna go upstairs
and find that romper
you're lending me.
I know what you're thinking.
We're not thinking anything.
No, we're not...
It's nice that you've found
someone you like.
You're worried.
No. We're not.
We're not.
It's okay. I get it.
But this is not that.
It's different.
I'm all right.
Nothing's weird or...
like before.
I'm not leading him on.
I'm not making an entrance.
I'm not doing anything.
I'm just... figuring it out,
like everybody else does,
okay?
CHRISTINA:
That sounds like a plan.
Everybody cool, then?
So cool.
(chuckles)
(door opens)
What happened to your face?
(door closes)
I, um-- There was a...
You know what? I, for one,
am totally excited about this.
I'm encouraged by it.
You know, she's not
rushing into anything.
I-I-I think she's learning
from her mistakes.
Well, it's life.
She can't hide from life.
(indistinct conversations)
(police radio chatter)
(pen clicks)
**
(engine starts)
(indistinct conversation)
**
That looks like
some bomb-ass scat.
Fuck off, buddy.
For real.
Come on.
Help a brother out.
That help?
Shit.
(engine starts)
(engine revs)
(indistinct conversations)
**
(cellphone rings)
Hynes.
Hey, what's up?
I can't--
I can't really hear you.
It's pretty windy
where you are.
You're what?
Are you--
Are you sure?
Y-Yeah, but that kind of ring's
pretty common, though.
No, no, no.
No, I'm fine. I'm fine.
Where exactly
in the Headlands?
Uh, I won't.
I promise, Sid.
Look, Sid, thank you.
Thank you.
(birds chirping)
(police radio chatter)
(indistinct chatter)
**
Hey.
(door closes)
Yes.
As a matter of fact,
that is Ryan Winter.
I see that.
How'd that happen?
He was here waiting
when I got in this morning.
Seemed pretty enthusiastic,
so I figured you wouldn't mind
if I did the intake.
No, of course not.
Just surprised.
When he left,
he never said anything
about taking advantage
of services.
Yeah.
I would have figured
someone
with his resources
would go private.
But his main point
of contact here was you,
and he's a pretty smart guy,
if you hadn't noticed,
so I'm sure he realizes
he can spend his money,
but it won't get him
a better doctor.
That is a really nice thing
to say.
I am a really nice person.
Cool bruise.
Went with the shirt.
Anyway, good luck.
Winter can buy this whole
hospital with pocket change,
but don't let that
intimidate you.
**
(door opens)
(indistinct conversation)
CARL: Ah, D.
That gold leaf has come in.
You can finish
this French Empire piece now.
In the morning.
Right now, I need your help.
Are you in trouble?
That remains to be seen.
I'm doing a recon op
for the doc.
Tracking Hynes.
I need you to do
a little sneak and peek.
You want me to spy
on Detective Hynes?
Yep. He's been holed up
in a bar for over an hour.
Why can't you do it?
Uh, the place is small.
I'd stand out.
This op is already
on the verge of compromise.
Is it possible
that Detective Hynes
could recognize me from that
accident and those Romanians?
That's phantom shit.
You're clean.
But if you're worried,
put on your best battle rattle.
If anyone can make shit
look different, it's you.
Okay.
DENNIS: I'm trying to move on
like she'd want.
Millie took care of everything.
I don't even know
the PIN for our debit card.
Customer came in the other day,
and I was counting back
his change.
(voice breaking): And suddenly,
I couldn't even tell
the difference between
the quarters and the dimes.
I could see them,
but I couldn't...
I couldn't.
I...
(sobbing)
Dennis, what you're experiencing
is very common.
It's a version of Complex PTSD.
You think
that because you're not
actively recalling the robbery
that you're not re-experiencing
the emotions you had
when it happened, but you are.
You think you're just counting
a customer's change,
but you're doing it
in the store
that you built with your wife.
The store that was robbed,
where you were shot
and almost died
and your wife did die.
Those associations are more
than powerful enough
to make you forget
the difference
between dimes and quarters.
Go easy on yourself,
and eventually, I promise you,
dimes will be dimes,
quarters will be quarters again.
(pen clicks)
Josefa, how's it going?
Want to give us
a progress report?
He caught me
wearing makeup.
My husband, Ronny.
I always take it off after work,
but this time, I didn't.
Maybe I wanted him
to see.
Maybe it was my way
of standing up to him.
I don't know.
Anyway, uh,
he dragged me into the bathroom
and threw me into the tub.
My head bounced off the tile.
He turned on the shower
as hot as it would go.
Then he...
took a Brillo pad
to scrape
the makeup off.
Funny thing is,
I had to use makeup on Monday
for work to cover it up.
Why don't you leave him?
No. Ryan.
In group therapy, someone has
the floor, we don't interrupt.
No,
I want to answer him.
I've got kids, okay?
I stay for them.
I live with it for them,
'cause I know if I stay,
he won't kill me.
**
I envy you.
At least you know
who to be scared of.
(sighs)
I just...
I think there's, um,
some comfort in knowing.
I never saw mine or even
heard him, my attacker.
One minute, I was walking,
and then everything went black.
**
Okay.
(clears throat)
Uh, Alex,
do you want to...?
When I was a kid,
a baby bird fell
out of its nest
onto the sidewalk
in front of our house.
So I took it and put it
in a shoebox
and gave it water
through an eye dropper
and fed it
little bits of bread.
But it just seemed
determined to die.
My mother said that I was
delaying the inevitable,
so she took it and drowned it
in a bucket of water.
And I remember it looked
very peaceful after she, um...
But we're all baby birds here,
in a way, aren't we?
Fallen out of our nests,
lying on the sidewalk,
not knowing who's coming
or if they're gonna feed us
or drown us.
It's terrifying.
It is.
It's... It's terrifying.
(light jazz piano music
plays on stereo)
(door opens, closes)
Vodka tonic with a twist,
please.
BARTENDER:
You got it.
(indistinct conversations)
(pool balls clack)
Here you go.
(glass thuds)
Thank you.
Brooks Brothers.
Hmm.
Huh?
Your blazer.
Brooks Brothers.
So... So, what?
A quality product.
Sensible, versatile.
A good cover.
A good cover for what?
For the cheap slacks
and shirt.
Seriously, the jacket
is a piece of clothing
that's worthy of scrutiny.
No one will look past it
to what's underneath
as long as the jacket makes
a good impression.
You splurged on a classic
because you're sensible.
And smart.
You sound like an expert.
Actually, I am.
I'm a pattern maker
for a garment manufacturer.
So you know your shit.
Well, h-here's to you.
I hope your company
values your work.
I've been there 40 years.
(chuckles)
It's not
the perfect situation,
but I appreciate
their loyalty.
Loyalty.
Something from
a bygone era.
(chuckles)
I don't find
much of it myself these days.
(piano music continues)
I don't mean to pry,
but is something troubling you?
No.
I'm fine.
It's just...
I just lost someone who
meant something to me.
I'm sorry.
(ice rattles)
Me, too.
It's always difficult.
Mm-hmm.
Can I get you
another drink?
Sure.
Why not?
Can we have another round,
please?
Sure.
**
You know, you--
you have one of those faces.
What kind of faces?
The kind that's vaguely
familiar.
Brother, no one has ever accused
me of being vaguely anything.
(chuckles)
**
To your friend.
Then he just took off,
groceries in the cart,
middle of the fucking aisle.
I had to run
to catch him.
Bat out of hell,
out to the Headlands,
all the way
to a crime scene.
I couldn't get close enough
to see much,
but I could tell they were
digging something up-- someone.
First thought-- maybe that's
how this fucker gets off--
kills people, goes back to
the crime scene to jack off.
But then he starts crying,
and he bails.
So I followed him to a bar.
That's when I called Carl,
'cause it was his type of place.
What do you mean?
You mean a gay bar?
Hynes is gay?
CARL:
Deeply closeted, but, yes.
It was all very sad.
He lost someone
very dear to him.
Travis.
Oh, he didn't mention a name,
not to me.
But I could feel his loss.
His pain was palpable.
Who the fuck is Travis?
He was a confidential informant
of Hynes's.
Some street kid got shot
in the head
trying to break into a car
that belonged to Winter.
Got himself out of the hospital
and disappeared.
Until now, apparently.
Oh, for fuck's sake.
So Hynes has a boner
for some street kid who dies,
and now he wants payback?
D, this is not
about a boner.
The man's a human being
with a broken heart,
and you know better.
Speaking of boners,
Winter got one in group therapy
while one of my patients
was describing
in excruciating detail
a physical abuse her husband
had inflicted on her.
I know 20 scumbags
get hard
for ugly shit like that.
You want my advice?
Drop it and find something
we can hold over Hynes
'cause I am this close
to going back to plan "A."
No, no, no,
plan "A" has got to wait.
I have
domain specificity here, D.
That's your term.
I got Winter
right where I want him.
He's on my turf, my rules.
Chinks in the man's armor
are starting to show.
I can feel it.
There's more to come.
I got to go through
with this, D.
We have to go through with this
no matter what you say.
How close am I to getting
punched in the face right now?
Want to go punch
Wade Pardo instead?
The 47 percent spike
in car break-ins city-wide
is probably
why Tyerman's Oil and Glass
stays open till midnight
these days.
I called.
Wade is on the late shift.
What do you say?
(slurping)
(cup thuds)
(door opens)
CHANCE:
When Wade Pardo attacked him,
my patient Sam,
been to a restaurant
in North Beach,
dinner with his boyfriend.
They'd been together
ten months.
This was the first time they'd
ever held hands in public.
For Wade Pardo...
**
You need some glass
replaced.
(brakes squeak)
(parking brake engages)
(engine shuts off)
**
MAN: You the guy
who just called?
I am.
I only got one guy
on shift tonight,
but I can probably
take care of you myself,
depending on what
we're talking about.
That's great.
It's uh...
Let me check my stock.
I'll-I'll be right back.
All right.
(tools clanking)
**
(bones crack)
Aah!
**
(tools clatter)
I got that replacement
in stock.
You want to give me
an hour?
Uh, you know what?
It's getting kind of late.
Maybe I can last
another day.
All right.
I'm here tomorrow.
Okay.
All right.
**
(keys clack)
(engine starts)
So, are you guys going, too?
Oh, yeah.
See you.
NICOLE:
Hey. Jason.
So, it sounds pretty fun.
Friday night?
The musical at USF?
Yeah, um...
I'm not, um...
I'm probably
not gonna be going after all.
Oh.
A few of us might do
this other thing instead,
so I don't know.
Sure.
That's cool.
Is everything okay?
Yeah, um...
You know, shit came up.
Yeah, no, I get it.
You're...
You're just acting weird.
I don't know
if it's gonna work.
What... isn't?
I got to go.
PEPPER: Hey.
Jason just totally
flaked on me over nothing.
I mean, it's not a big deal.
I barely talk to him.
Yeah, um, I don't know
if it's exactly about nothing.
Well, what the fuck
does that mean?
People have been talking.
Like, Jason and them.
Something they heard about that
happened at your old school?
Look. Whatever it is,
it's out there.
So...
HYNES:
So you're saying you came up
behind him
and choked him out?
I mean, where'd you learn
a ninja move like that?
I mean-- I mean,
it's fucking crazy
to even picture it,
but I like it.
You know,
you're a special onion, doc.
Speaking of crazy,
you lied to me.
About what?
The fact
that you were transferred
from SFPD to Fremont,
and why.
How the fuck
do you know that?
Winter didn't
orchestrate that.
It was
a mental health issue.
You had a breakdown.
That's none
of your business.
No, see, it kind of is my
business because you lied to me.
You lied to me
to force me into this.
Too bad.
You get your hands dirty,
you give people leverage,
and they work you.
So I worked you.
You blackmailed me.
Well, if blackmailing
turns you on,
then let's call it that,
okay?
But here's the truth.
The truth is the job
won't let me take
this sick, murdering fuck
down the aboveboard way,
so I'm doing
what needs to be done.
(sighs)
What's this shit?
Our entire conversation
is now in the cloud.
Don't ask me how.
You're recording us?
(chuckling)
Okay.
So, you've got a hammer
over me,
now I have one over you.
Mutually assured destruction.
Ah, congratulations, doc,
but you got to be prepared
to use it.
(cellphone thuds)
And I don't think
you will.
But you lied to me
about something else.
Really?
Travis.
You were in love with him.
You watch
your fucking step, doc.
Okay, okay. I...
Don't fuck with me.
Listen, I don't care.
I don't care
about your personal life.
The fact
that you're heartbroken
and that's affecting your
judgment about Winter,
that matters to me.
I don't even want to think about
attacking an innocent person.
He's not innocent shit!
All right.
But if you keep pushing,
I'm gonna take away
the one thing you have
that you still
care about:
your job,
no matter what
the blowback is on me.
You don't know
what you're doing.
I know exactly
what I'm doing.
I'm leaving.
Uh-huh. Yes.
I sent them over.
Mm-hmm.
Bye.
Yeah.
All right, so,
if you can only do them,
do the first 20, then.
All right.
Josefa didn't show.
Did she call?
(binder thuds)
Nope.
Can you call her?
And if her husband answers
or you have to leave a message,
you're the, uh...
Calling from Dr. Diamond's
gynecological practice
about a missed appointment.
I remember everything
about everything.
No doubt.
Her voicemail's full.
What are you doing?
Maybe I'll go by there.
I'm gonna go over there.
Can you write down her address?
MAN: Again tomorrow.
(vehicles passing)
(door closes)
(horn honks in distance)
**
Hey.
I was just coming to see you.
I've only got a minute.
If we're talking,
we should probably talk
about whether group therapy
is really the right step
for you.
Those cards you showed me,
the, um...
the picture interpretation
technique.
I discovered they have
kind of a...
kind of a darker purpose
than you implied.
Does that upset you?
It does, and it doesn't.
You said you wanted a sense
of how I see the world,
and what you were
really trying to do
was get at my unconscious.
Pretty much exactly
what you scolded me for,
peering into my psyche
without consent.
My domain, my hospital,
on the clock--
I don't need your permission
for that.
(siren wails in distance)
WINTER:
Right. You need my trust.
You need my trust.
And I want
to give it to you.
I think it's possible
that I could be understood here.
What about you is hard
for people to understand?
The questions
I've always wanted to ask,
I can imagine asking you.
(police radio chatter)
I very much want to continue
with the group.
(car alarm engages)
WOMAN: Hey, honey.
Yeah, just got off.
(woman continues speaking
indistinctly)
**
(police radio chatter)
But I'm hoping
there's room in your schedule
for one-on-one therapy,
as well.
(woman crying)
So you'll let me know...
...about your schedule.
**
Who's Stevie?
When they brought you in,
before they took you down
for the scan,
you said
the name Stevie.
Buckle up, doctor.
I think we're going
on an adventure.
**
(police radio chatter)
POLICEMAN: Sorry, sir. You can't
be here.
CHANCE:
I'm looking for Josefa Pefaur.
I'm her psychiatrist. We had an
appointment. She didn't show.
Is she inside?
Is she all right?
I need you to go back
downstairs, sir, right now.
**
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH